EIS: mention 24h lag after upgrade (#6323)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/_snippets/trial-limitations.md

* The deployment size is limited to 8GB RAM and approximately 360GB of storage, depending on the specified hardware profile.
* {{ml-cap}} nodes are available up to 4GB RAM, or up to 8GB when using Reranker.
* Custom {{es}} plugins are not enabled.

> * Token usage for LLMs and other ML models is restricted during the trial period. If you require higher limits, reach out to [Support](https://cloud.elastic.co/support). Note that it can take up to 24h after [upgrading to paid](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization/billing/add-billing-details.md) for these restrictions to disappear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Token usage for LLMs and other ML models is restricted during the trial period. If you require higher limits, reach out to [Support](https://cloud.elastic.co/support). After [upgrading to paid](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization/billing/add-billing-details.md), it can take up to 24 hours for these restrictions to clear.
```
